So I looked at the report, and from what I see from the daily report, there is not so much progress. So I want to make sure that we actually progress. And there are a few things I want you to do. So the first one is I want to define clear roles. Like I want to define clear teams, the team structure. You can think what kind of team structure, it can make sense. You can start a code agent that will look at my project, it will look online, and we will see what kind of structure makes sense for this project, what kind of roles for the agents. So then there is a proper team, because right now it's a bit chaotic, right? So then I want to have a proper team, and each team member can start different agents to work on. And yeah, you figure this out, but what I also didn't see. So first thing that I saw was lack of progress, but second thing that I saw was we didn't report usage. So yesterday I asked you to build a dashboard, so then we can track over time how many agents are running, how many tokens we are using. So what I want you to do is every day include the report of what happened over the last 24 hours, like how many agents run, how many tokens were used, how many features were done, things like that. And then also in terms of tasks, I don't see any, I don't know, like probably we should, you should have some sort of task tracker, because there were some things I asked you to implement the day before, but I didn't see any of them implemented yet. So perhaps you simply forgot. So what I want you to do, maybe it wasn't you, it was some other agent, but what I want you to do is I want you to create to follow some process, right? To track tasks. So you figure out what you need, like you come up with any idea you want, just, yeah, make it work so there is a process, there are roles, there are team members, things like that, right? And then also I want in the report, I want to see metrics from the dashboard, right? And then in metrics I want to see, like, breakdown between hours. So then it's clear that you're working on. If you want, there is one project that, this dashboard project for seeing how agents work and how many agents are utilized per project. This could be actually an interesting project in itself. So this is the project, like, I don't know, do we have a name for this version control system that we are building? So I want you to use this version control system for the dashboard, but then there is another project I want you to implement, and this project is based on... So the problem I see is we now, I don't have clear instructions how, in what cases launch agents. And then when it comes to agents, there are certain criteria when to select. This is how I select. So when I select agents, there are certain things, like for example, when it comes to Zeta AI, there is a campaign right now. I think it will finish next week unless they prolong it. But between 5 p.m. and 3 a.m., Berlin time, there are free unlimited tokens from Zeta AI with their Flash model, right? So then, like during night, during this time, I run a lot of models like that, right? And during the day, I look at how many remaining tokens are, or at usage limits, sorry, right? If I'm hitting my weekly usage soon, if the reset date is soon, but I have a lot of tokens left. Like for example right now, this is the case with Grok and also with Zeta AI. If I have a lot of tokens left, then I start using this model as much as possible, right? If there are not so many left, like I use other tokens, other models. So I want you to think about this, maybe start an agent with high thinking mode, something like Astra, Astra X high or something, that will really think about how to design a system for selecting the agent to spawn an agent. So what I want you to do is to simply create an agent. So you ask it, hey, like start an agent, and it will start an agent, right? And it will start an agent using some rules, using some heuristics, using whatever, like. So I want you to define these heuristics, and I want you to work on this project. So this will be another project that I want to implement. You can choose any technology you want for this one. I don't know, maybe... Yeah, you decide. A few projects that could be useful is already we have a project called Queues that allows us to select the quota, right? So then when we start a project and it should just see how, like when we start a new agent, when we spawn an agent, it should see, how much quota left, and then using some rules define that. And I want you to tell me in the report tomorrow what these rules are, right? So then think about this, also have this challenger thing like we did, right? So one think comes up with an idea, the challenges, and then there is some sort of consortium, like how to implement it best. So I want you to think about this, document all that. So, and then tomorrow in your report you will give me the statistics, the progress so far, and, like report for these two tools, and the actual tool that we use, I also want you to develop on this new platform. But since we may have mistakes, so probably it would be a good idea if we have, like, seamless way of syncing, at least from main with GitHub, right? So please do that too. So you can create these projects on GitHub in this one, like, I don't know, you can use as log, but then the actual Git-like version control system, or whatever we call it, like for it you can create a separate project, and then for all others you can create several separate projects on GitHub, right? And then the idea here is that we use GitHub only as a backup, so we don't lose the code, but the main development happens through our tool that we develop, right? So this would be it. Now I will send you the links that you can use for inspiration. quse - the project we already use for quote (you can find it in \~/git). [https://github.com/alexeygrigorev/heru](https://github.com/alexeygrigorev/heru) (public archite - take only the ideas from this project not the code). some of heru functionality is alreayd in aplexer. maek sure we keep agents busy 24/7. now grok has a lot of usage that will reset soon. codex and claude don't have a lot of usage so I would be more careful with starting a lot of agents thre. copilot - quota will drain in one session so not worth bothering. zai - unlimited tokens during 5pm-3am but also a lot of tokens during the day and reset soon. antigravity not shown but also we can use it. So this tool that I was talking about would just randomly spawn one of the agents that would follow the rules. Perhaps you can also set up some criteria, like for what kind of task. Like, I don't know, you figure this out. And then there could be, I don't know, some rules that all the time we run up to a certain amount of agents. So then internally you can also see, like, how many agents of which kind we can run. So I want you to also capture all the statistics, see how usage is changing, so we can do some analytics, and based on that we can make this tool smarter. So for that I really want you to make this thorough, and also, like, create a project that's going to be useful outside of this tool. Okay? So let us start. So tomorrow in the report I expect all these things that I mentioned, and also a report from each of these projects separately, and yeah, we should be making progress. And once we're working on these projects, it will be clearer what kind of features we mostly need, we need most, the most from that 20 problems you identified.
