So I'm looking at the article, and from what I see is we're kind of focusing on testing Git for speed, but this is definitely not the goal. The goal is to build better Git, not faster Git, right? Better. That all the problems that we discovered, right? We want to solve them, right? And from what I see right now, we are just measuring the speed of Git. Like, this has absolutely no sense. Then I asked for the dashboard. I asked for metrics to be submitted in the report. I don't see any metrics, so I don't know how many agents run. So nothing was done, actually. I also asked for a report of progress for all the projects. I don't see the report. I don't see what exactly, what kind of work was done. I only see numbers, but I want to know what exactly was done. So first of all, I want you to rewrite the current report with the numbers I asked. So they are not what I want, not what I needed, not what I asked. And second, make sure that we are utilizing all the agents right now. Right now we have unused, like Grok, will expire pretty soon, so we have to use it. ZAI will expire soon. I mean, the quota will reset. We need to use it. There is a lot of things, and I want agents to be running 24/7. I want agents to be very busy. I want you to keep track of that. I want output. I want a lot of stuff happening. And right now it's slow, and I don't even see. I don't even have any visibility into what's happening, because it was not included in the report. So yeah, yesterday didn't seem like we did any work. Okay, so one of the things, cost calculation, durable objects. Maybe there is a simpler way to do this messaging, because this is too much, yes? But why do we need even request for storage? Because what we need is the way to communicate between agents. I don't understand why we have this gigabyte-seconds, right? So what is it? Like sending messages to each other shouldn't cost that much. Okay, I think that's more or less it. Let's see what we can do. And another thing, when I checked today Principal Codex, it was again down. And yesterday I requested to start building something that would poke the agent, right? So there should be some traces of that request of mine. I don't see it mentioned in the report. And when I was checking the Codex Principle today, it was again down. It was not doing anything.
